c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll.config
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.pdb
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.pdb
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\yourself\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll.config
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.pdb
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.pdb
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Server\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.pdb
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll.config
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.pdb
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll.config
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.pdb
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Owin.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.dll
E:\LTHD-Client\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.pdb
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll.config
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Authentication.pdb
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.pdb
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\Folder_Project\LTHD_Final_Project\Total\Authentication\Authentication\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll.config
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Authentication.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Authentication.pdb
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.dll
D:\Hoc\Subject\Lap_trinh_hien_dai\Project\Project_folder\AppHarborProject\LTHD_AppHarbor\Authentication\obj\Debug\Authentication.pdb
